(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] For this challenge,
use your general knowledge
of Spring Integration message flow configuration
to add a service activation component
to our existing message flow.
This will add a significant business function
to our application
with very little development effort required.
Let's look at the challenge specs and implementation hints
in the source code.
Initialize your project files
by typing git checkout 03_04b.
Then at the root of your repository,
you will be able to see a file called
code challenge 03_04 nd.
The basic instructions for the challenger supplied there.
There is only one file that you need to modify
for this challenge,
and that is status-monitor.xml
In line 24 of that file you will see some hints
about how to go about doing this work.
So good luck and have fun.